What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?

The man command is a built-in manual for using Linux commands. It allows users to view the reference manuals of a command or utility run in the terminal. The man page (short for manual page) includes a command description, applicable options, flags, examples, and other informative sections.  Use the mouse scroll wheel, the up and down arrow keys, or the PgDn and PgUp keys to navigate through it. To exit, press Q.


Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?

List information about the files (the curent directory by default. sort entries alphabetically. -l use a long listing format, -a do not ignore entries starting with.

How do you jump between words in the terminal?

Option/Alt + left/right (jump between words)

How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?

Command/Control + e

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?

Commmand/Control + a

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?

Ctrl + backspace

What is the difference between a terminal and shell? The terminal is a program is just an interface to the shell. The shell is what actually handles commands and so forth; the terminal program just gives it a way to interact with the environment.

What is an absolute path? An absolute path is a path that starts from the root route and gives the complete location for a file or folder
What is an relative path? A relative path is a path that starts at the current location and not the root route.

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used. A flag adds additional functionality to an existing command, we have seen -a and -l for the ls command and -r for the cp and rm commands.

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command? r will remove folders and recursively go through each folder and file and f will force removal.















